PR: Add installers section to installation guide (#200)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/installation.rst

Spyder is relatively easy to install on Windows, Linux and macOS.
Just make sure to read and follow these instructions with care.

.. important::

>    Spyder now offers :ref:`standalone_installers_ref` for Windows and macOS, making it easy to get up and running with the IDE without having to download Anaconda or manually install it in your existing environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Spyder now offers :ref:`standalone_installers_ref` for Windows and macOS, making it easier to get up and running with the program without having to download Anaconda or manually install it in your existing environment.
```

* I think `easier` is better because it compares the current situation (with the installers) with the previous one (without them).
* I suggest changing `IDE` for `program` to avoid a technical term that newbies are unfamiliar with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Spyder now offers :ref:`standalone_installers_ref` for Windows and macOS, making it easier to get up and running with the application without having to download Anaconda or manually install it in your existing environment.
```

> I think easier is better

Great thinking, agreed.

> I suggest changing IDE for program

Gotcha, I changed it to "application" since that's a more modern, specific and friendlier term.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. Please apply your suggestion instead.

Reviewer 2: Done, thanks

   While we still support Anaconda, we recommend this install method on those platforms to avoid most problems with package conflicts and other issues.

   If you do run into problems, before posting a report, *please* consult our comprehensive :doc:`troubleshooting guide<first-steps>` and search the `issue tracker`_ for your error message and problem description.
   These methods generally fix or isolate the great majority of install-related difficulties.

>    Thanks!

Reviewer: I think this makes paragraph makes the note too long and doesn't really apply to this section. So I suggest to remove it.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I see that. What about if we just move the second paragraph back to the introduction outside the note, where it was originally?

Reviewer: Ok, I agree with that.

Reviewer 2: Done, thanks

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> =================
> Spyder Installers
> =================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=====================
Standalone Installers
=====================
```

> Here you will find our standalone installers for Windows and macOS which are avaliable from Spyder 4.2 onwards. We recommend using this installation method, but if you want to try another or are using Linux, go to the sections below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our standalone installers for Windows and macOS are available from Spyder 4.2 onwards.
We recommend using this installation method on those platforms, but we offer several other options for Linux, advanced users and specific needs, so keep reading if that's the case for you.
```

* Sentence breaks
* Fixed spelling mistake
* Simplify and de-redundantize first sentence
* Use friendlier, more specific and more engaging language in second sentance
